OK so the next lifecycle is going to be components will receive prompts.
And well the thing is that we already know how this one's work so we can assume what's going to happen
when we do component will receive prompts.
So I'm going to do it right here.
It's going to be components and then we'll receive props props.
Right.
So this one is going to be called whenever this component it's getting you props.
So I'm going to say console log.
And then just before receiving prompts some something real simple before receiving prompts.
There again
let's get whatever.
So the thing is and this is why it's going to fail.
If I go to lifecycle and I'm going to go right here manually so I can show you nothing is going to happen
before we get the before component gets created and after a component it's mounted.
So whenever the application loads this one will not be called because this one will trigger after the
component receives new prompts.
It's not called when the component starts with the component starts it gets some props but it's not
well received.
OK it's not going to trigger this one.
If I click on live again the we get to receive some prompts from re-act router OK.
But the components it's already on the screen is not going to just create the component again.
We already have it right here.
So if I click life we get before receiving prompts so the prompts are from the Riak router again.
So we are getting new props.
Either they are the same props but we are getting props again.
So that's why it's calling this component will receive prompts.
All right so we have one more.
We have the components will unmount and we will maybe use this one in the future.
We're going to go right here at the bottom and it's going to be components of components.
And then just will and unmount.
OK.
Let's get.
So this one again it's pretty obvious whenever we just destroy this component we just go to a different
component.
Whenever we unmount reacts unmount the the the this view.
This component is going to trigger a function and it's going to be this one component will and mount
It's a console log.
And then just announce something just something like that.
OK.
If I'm going to be inside lifecycle if I go to profile you get unmounted and mount.
So again before everything gets destroyed with this component it's going to call to the final lifecycle
it's going to be this one and this one it's kind of a useful let's say that maybe in the future you
will need to clear some state or you will need to do something before going to a different view.
You need to do something on the state or something on a global variable.
Well you can do it with the component will unmount before destroying the component.
You just do whatever you want to do inside here it is going to go to the next component without conflict.
Let's get that one what this one is really really useful.
So that's good.
This is the components of lifecycle the re-act lifecycle.
It's really really useful.
You might be thinking why are we going to use this.
Well we're going to use maybe not all of this life cycles but we're going to use pretty much the component
will mount the mount and a couple more.
But that said OK we just use it for some particular things.
OK.
Let's go to the next section.